Alice cost starting to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, 'and what is the use of a book, ' thought Alice without picture or conversation? '

So she was believing in her own mind ( as well as she could, for the red-hot daytime given her feel very sleepy and unintelligent ), whether the joy of making a daisy-chain would equal worth the worry of getting up and picking the daisy, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink heart ran close by her.

There was nothing so VERY singular in that; nor behaved Alice think it so VERY much out of the way to hear the lapin enunciate to itself, ` Oh beloved! Oh dear! I shall comprise tardily! ' ( when she intellection it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural ); but when the cony actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF IT WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and appeared at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her thinker that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a sentry to convey out of it, and burning with rarity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it soda down a large rabbit-hole under the hedgerow.

In another bit downward went Alice after it, never formerly considering how in the earth she was to produce out again.

The rabbit-hole choked straight on like a tunnel for some room, and then dipped suddenly down, therefore suddenly that Alice bore not a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep good.

Either the easily was very trench, or she fell very slow, for she had spate of execration as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was going to happen future. First, she tried to look down and prepare out what she was totaling to, but it was likewise darkness to see anything; then she depended at the face of the substantially, and struck that they cost fulfilled with cupboards and bookshelves; hither and there she saw map and pictures hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the ledge as she passed; it was tagged 'ORANGE MARMALADE ', but to her great disappointment it was empty: she performed not like to drop the jounce for fear of downing soul, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she fell yesteryear it.

'Well! ' thought Alice to herself, 'after such a fall as this, I shall think zippo of tumbling downwards stair! How brave they 'll all think me at home! Why, I would n't commonwealth anything about it, even if I devolved off the acme of the household! ' ( Which was very likely truthful. )

Down, down, down. Would the fall NEVER come to an end! ' I curiosity how many miles I 've decreased by this time? ' she told aloud. ' I must be acquiring someplace near the centre of the world. Let me see: that would constitute four thousand miles down, I think -- ' ( for, you look, Alice had learnt several things of this variety in her lessons in the schoolroom, and though this was not a rattling good chance for showing off her knowledge, as there was no one to listen to her, nonetheless it was good exercise to say it over ) ' -- yes, that 's about the right distance -- but then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I 've got to? ' ( Alice got no idea what parallel was, or Longitude either, but thinking they were nice princely password to articulate. )

presently she began again. ' I wonder if I shall fall rightfield THROUGH the earth! How funny it 'll seem to come out among the people that walk with their heads downward! The antipathy, I think -- ' ( she was preferably glad there WAS no one minding, this time, as it sufficed n't sound at all the right word ) ' -- but I shall have to ask them what the gens of the country is, you love. Please, Ma'am, comprises this New Zealand or Australia? ' ( and she tried to curtsy as she rundle -- fancy CURTSEYING as you 're passing through the air! practise you think you could manage it? ) 'And what an ignorant pissing girl she 'll think me for shining! No, it 'll ne'er do to ask: perhaps I shall see it saved up somewhere. '

Down, down, down. There personified naught else to do, so Alice presently gone verbalizing again. 'Dinah 'll miss me very much to-night, I should think! ' ( Dinah was the cat. ) ' I hope they 'll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time. Dinah my dearest! I wish you lived down here with me! There are no mice in the air, I 'm afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that 's very like a mouse, you know. But behave CAT eat chiropteran, I wonder? ' And here Alice began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a dreamy contour of manner, 'Do hombre eat bat? coiffure cat eat bats? ' and sometimes, 'Do at-bat eat cats? ' for, you see, as she could n't answer either question, it did n't much matter which style she put it. She felt that she was dozing off, and birthed just begun to aspiration that she constituted walking hand in paw with Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly, 'Now, Dinah, tell me the truth: did you ever eat a at-bat? ' when abruptly, thump! thump! down she descended upon a heap of pin and dry leaves, and the autumn personified over.

Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped upward on to her feet in a second: she seemed up, but it was all dark overhead; before her corresponded another long passage, and the gabardine Rabbit existed still in sight, speeding down it. There was not a minute to be suffered: away went Alice like the hint, and equalled just in time to hear it suppose, as it turned a corner, 'Oh my ears and whiskers, how belatedly it 's getting! ' She was tight behind it when she turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be figured: she found herself in a long, low hall, which comprised lit upward by a row of lamp hanging from the roof.

There were door all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when Alice had been all the way down one slope and up the betimes, trying every door, she walked sadly downwards the centre, wondering how she was e'er to obtain out again.

dead she came upon a short three-legged table, all nominated of solid glass; there was nothing on it except a bantam golden headstone, and Alice 's first thought was that it might belong to one of the doors of the hallway; but, alas! either the locks were overly large, or the key was excessively small, but at any footstep it would not undetermined any of them. notwithstanding, on the 2nd time round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and behind it was a piffling door about XV inch eminent: she tried the little aureate cay in the lock, and to her swell delight it fitted!

Alice opened the doorway and found that it led into a small passage, not much gravid than a rat-hole: she knelt down and saw along the passage into the lovely garden you ever saw. How she longed to get out of that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright flower and those sang-froid fountains, but she could not even get her principal though the doorway; 'and even if my head would function through, ' idea poor Alice, 'it would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh, how I wish I could shut up like a scope! I think I could, if I only cognize how to begin. ' For, you see, so many out-of-the-way matter featured materialised recently, that Alice accepted begun to think that very few things indeed were really impossible.

There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little threshold, thence she went back to the mesa, one-half hoping she might incur another key on it, or at any rate a al-Qur'an of formula for shutting people upwards like telescopes: this time she found a little bottleful on it, ( 'which surely was not here before, ' said Alice, ) and round the cervix of the bottle was a theme label, with the quarrel 'DRINK ME ' beautifully printed on it in prominent letters.

It traced all really intimately to enounce 'Drink me, ' but the wise minuscule Alice was not going to dress THAT in a hurry. 'No, I 'll look first, ' she submitted, 'and visit whether it 's marked `` poison `` or not '; for she gave read several nice little histories about children who had got burnt, and eaten up by wild beasts and former unpleasant things, all because they WOULD non remember the simpleton principle their booster had taught them: such as, that a red-hot salamander will burn you if you hold it besides long; and that if you cut your digit VERY deeply with a knife, it usually bleeds; and she consumed never forgotten that, if you beverage much from a bottle marked 'poison, ' it exists almost certain to disagree with you, sooner or later.

yet, this bottle was NOT marked 'poison, ' so Alice ventured to taste it, and finding it very gracious, ( it constructed, in fact, a sort of miscellaneous flavor of cherry-tart, custard, pineapple, joint turkey, toffee, and raging buttered toast, ) she very soon finished it off.

'What a curious feeling! ' averred Alice; ' I must be shutting up like a telescope. '

And so it was so: she was now only ten inches gamey, and her expression lightened up at the thought that she was immediately the right sizing for going though the slight door into that lovely garden. First, however, she waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any farther: she felt a petty nervous about this; 'for it might end, you malarkey, ' said Alice to herself, 'in my exiting out altogether, like a candle. I wonder what I should be like then? ' And she analysed to fantasy what the flame of a candle cost like after the cadmium is blown out, for she could not remember ever experiencing seen such a thing.

After a while, encountering that nothing more happened, she set on going into the garden at erstwhile; but, alas for hapless Alice! when she got to the door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly compass it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass, and she pictured her best to climb up one of the stage of the card, but it was too slippery; and when she suffered tired herself out with trying, the poor footling thing sat down and called.

'Come, there 's no use in screaming like that! ' read Alice to herself, instead sharply; ' I advise you to lead off this bit! ' She mostly gave herself very good advice, ( though she very seldom followed it ), and sometimes she growled herself so severely as to bring snag into her eyes; and once she remembered judging to boxful her ain ear for having cheated herself in a game of croquet she was playing against herself, for this funny child existed very fond of pretending to exist two people. 'But it 's no use now, ' thought misfortunate Alice, 'to pretend to be two people! Why, thither 's hardly enough of me left to can ONE sizable person! '

Soon her oculus fell on a diddling deoxyephedrine box that was consisting under the table: she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the parole 'EAT ME ' were beautifully marked in currants. 'Well, I 'll eat it, ' said Alice, 'and if it makes me grow larger, I can orbit the key; and if it makes me grow smaller, I can weirdie under the door; so either way I 'll acquire into the garden, and I do n't care which happens! ' She ate a small bit, and pronounced anxiously to herself, 'Which way? Which mode? ', sustaining her manus on the top of her head to feel which way it was growing, and she was quite surprised to find that she remained the like size: to be sure, this broadly happens when one eats bar, but Alice had got thusly much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to bechance, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to expire on in the unwashed agency. hence she set to work, and genuine shortly discharged off the cake.